Resolve #115: Add ContravariantRegistrationSource docs. (#148)
autofac/Documentation: docs/advanced/registration-sources.rst

    builder.RegisterSource(new AnyConcreteTypeNotAlreadyRegisteredSource());
    var container = builder.Build();

Contravariant Registration Source
=================================
The ``ContravariantRegistrationSource`` is helpful in registering types that need to be later resolved in a `contravariant context <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/generics/covariance-and-contravariance>`_ (using a more generic / less derived type than originally specified). This is common in handler patterns:

.. sourcecode:: csharp

    public interface IHandler<in TCommand>
    {
      void Handle(TCommand command);
    }

>     public class CommandAHandler : IHandler<CommandA>
>     {
>       public void Handle(CommandA command)
>       {
>       }
>     }
> 
>     public class CommandA
>     {
>     }
> 
>     public class CommandB : CommandA
>     {
>     }
> 
>     var builder = new ContainerBuilder();
>     builder.RegisterSource(new ContravariantRegistrationSource());
>     builder.RegisterType<CommandAHandler>().As<IHandler<CommandA>>();
>     var container = builder.Build();
> 
>     // a and b are both CommandAHandler.
>     var a = container.Resolve<IHandler<CommandA>>();
>     var b = container.Resolve<IHandler<CommandB>>();

Reviewer: Might I propose an example slightly closer to contravariance names, and using a similar Handle method to the example in the linked MS doc?
```suggestion
    public class BaseCommandHandler : IHandler<BaseCommand>
    {
      public void Handle(BaseCommand command)
      {
         Console.WriteLine(command.GetType().Name);
      }
    }

    public class BaseCommand
    {
    }

    public class DerivedCommand : BaseCommand
    {
    }

    var builder = new ContainerBuilder();
    builder.RegisterSource(new ContravariantRegistrationSource());
    builder.RegisterType<BaseCommandHandler>().As<IHandler<BaseCommand>>();
    var container = builder.Build();

    // a and b are both BaseCommandHandler.
    var a = container.Resolve<IHandler<BaseCommand>>();
    a.Handle(new BaseCommand()); // prints BaseCommand
    var b = container.Resolve<IHandler<DerivedCommand>>();
    b.Handle(new DerivedCommand()); // prints DerivedCommand
```

Author: Sounds good to me. Committed. I wasn't sure how large or small the example should be. Somewhat debated not putting an example and referring people to the unit tests. ;)

Reviewer: Cruel, but not unusual...
